Husband they are sneaky
There must be a ghost now
Don't worry, honey.
If they bully you, I will return it to you. Okay.
Your father, your mother, and you
You're finished.
Soon you will know that you have been slapped
What is it like to slap someone in the face?
Send it, if you don't send it, even we will be bullied.
Then a dead horse can only be a living horse doctor
Mr. Gu Tiansheng Group CEO
Using your reputation to bully people out there
Serious damage to story group fertility
Can you terminate the contract?
Ouch me
OK
you
Gu Zhenting will scold me to death
We feel that this project
Hey, I'm sorry.
Ding
You dare to offend Mr. Gu's woman
Hum how is it?
What about the news from Assistant Sun?
I have already sent a message to Assistant Sun.
He'll call you soon.